He is sweet
Returning from abroad
Blur is very beautiful
I still looked at your mobile phone designer before
Brother Rongzi
I'm afraid everyone will think that I, the preparatory manager of the airborne
The supervisor is a relational household
So he deliberately hid the news of my return.
Preparatory Director
Yeah, Rongzhi Gothic specially asked me to come back to compete
What about the director chosen this time?
I heard you made a lot of headlines in France this time
But I'm not afraid of you
Is that right? Then the election
I believe we will definitely compete fairly.
I ordered a nice cake for everyone
It should arrive in a while.
manager general manager
Manager Li treated us to a feast yesterday
Today we are invited to eat Wenxi's pastries again
Unlike some lives
A bunch of broken milk will help us fight
Isn't this sweet?
It really snubs people's hearts
I heard that there is a new person in your design department named Tiantian
Is your strong opponent?
Don't you want to know about him?
Miss Shen also knows Tiantian
Of course I do.
He is sweet with his sister
He has been a follower behind Brother Rong since he was a child
He wants to replace me in marrying Brother Rong
Too bad God didn't help him
When he died, he didn't even find his body.
You showed a lot of grace at the Paris Jewelry Show
He was supposed to be promoted to director
But Brother Rong brought him back
I'm afraid your position as director is in jeopardy
I'm no big deal.
If it's a big deal, quit your job
But Miss Shen, you have to be new
You have to take a good look at the big boss
Don't walk by digging a wall
He is also worthy of me, but grandpa's designated granddaughter-in-law
But this woman is vicious
His sister was sweet because she was killed by him.
Right?
Then look at my brain like this
Is it more suitable to be a child than Tiantian?
Oh, you can't just get Rongrong
You have to win his heart.
If you were robbed the day before yesterday
Is it harder to get it back than to go to the sky?
I don't need you to worry about me
Think of a way to kick him out of the company
Is Manager Qiao familiar with Miss Shen?
Ah!
Miss Shen is Mr. Rong's fiancee
This time we have been to France together
Naturally a little more ripe
If my sister were still alive
Maybe they have already married Brother Eiko by now
Brother Eiko loves my sister
It's not Miss Shen at all
This is a demonstration against me
Excuse me?
I have a dinner date with a colleague
What kind of eyes does Brother Long Zi have?
A little leek with no money and no background
You deserve to fight with me too?